Update known issues information - FTI-821 (#1448)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/upstream-tls/index.md

### Known Issues

> Attempting a PATCH of the `trusted_certificates` configuration value requires a `kong reload` to be complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PATCH requests to the `trust_certificates` configuration will not take affect until Kong is reloaded. This can be accomplished with the `kong reload` command.
```
